OSDOCS-16855: Apply CQA2 updates (#109988)
openshift/openshift-docs: networking/advanced_networking/bgp_routing/disabling-bgp-routing.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="disabling-bgp-routing"]
= Disabling BGP routing

include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: disable-bgp-routing

toc::[]

[role="_abstract"]

> Disable OVN-Kubernetes Border Gateway Protocol (BGP) routing to stop external route advertisement and restore standard cluster networking behavior.

Reviewer: Flip goal up front?
```suggestion
To stop external route advertisement and restore standard cluster networking behavior, disable OVN-Kubernetes Border Gateway Protocol (BGP) routing.
```

> As a cluster administrator, you can enable OVN-Kubernetes Border Gateway Protocol (BGP) routing support for your cluster.

Reviewer: Is there a typo here? (s/enable/disable)
```suggestion
As a cluster administrator, you can disable OVN-Kubernetes BGP routing support for your cluster.
```
